---
title: January
author: Decentralized Climate Foundation
date: 2023-02-05
category: Monthly_Reports
layout: post
---

# Month 2. February 2023
### Community:

- [ ] Proposal Difusion Channels (Mail list, Press releases)
- [ ] MaxCoin MVP - Serrano
- [ ] DAO Phase 1
- [ ] Maxcoin Video Explaining what it is. -
- [ ] Monthly Report January **Priority** - Bleecker, Yugen
- [ ] Update DECA Website (web3 Based) - Serrano
- [ ] Update DCF Website (web3 Based) - Serrano
- [x] Attend to Hackathon Etherfuse in the name of DCF ($150) - p1r0, Bleecker.
- [x] Hackathon Networking Updates ($17.5) - Yugen

### Deploy and vote Phase 0 DAO:

- [ ] General Assembly #2: 
  - [ ] (Emergency) Redistribute DCF Director Tokens
  - [ ] (Emergency) Elections for the new Director 
  - [ ] (Emergency) Election for the new Secretary
  - [ ] (Emergency) Election for the new Treasurey
- [ ] Vote Approval DCIP-01 ($?) - Bleecker
- [ ] Vote Approval DCIP-02 ($100) - p1r0
- [ ] Vote Approval DCIP-03 ($?) - p1r0
- [ ] Vote Approval Monthly Report January ($75) - Bleecker
- [ ] DCF Council Responsabilities($?) - Bleecker - Pending

> Template https://hackmd.io/A9LNZFTlQsC32gqDw1C7EQ

### R&D Phase 1 DAO **PRIORITY JANUARY / FEBRUARY**:

- [ ] Research How to use DECA at phase 1: Snapshot. - p1r0 + bleecker + Sacel 
  - [ ] 2. Testing and [NSI DAO DOCUMENT](https://hackmd.io/zT7qJS4HQsWEnyPBsW3LLg?view) Process (week 4) - 250/3 USD
  - [ ] 3. DCIP-01: Standard Proposals Template. - Bleecker
  - [x] 4. [DCIP-02](https://hackmd.io/c-0PvrXFQWezOJpzNtRA1A?view): To have more agile, responsable and organized meetings - p1r0.
  - [ ] 5. DCIP-03(ToDo): Tasks Workflow Standard.
  - [ ] 6. Write [Phase 1](https://hackmd.io/X0e7aeiaQKa2fPJS_mHguQ) includes (DCIP-02&03) - 
- [ ] Deploy and Test HedgeHog/HACKMD or Forum or Git
  - [ ] Proposals Document to vote (based on DCIP-01)
  - [ ] Commit already all Phase1 to gitlab of the foundation


### Administration:

  - [ ] Get DCF Account with ALBO (Bleecker) - Bleecker (week1) - 4 USD (check card verification)
    - [ ] Move Funds from BBVA to ALBO Treasurer - Bleecker.
    - [x] Generate Cards (Treasurer) - Bleecker.
    - [ ] Make invoice to the DCF - Bleecker & Yugen.
    - [ ] Renew domain name deca.eco - p1r0
    > Alternative: if there are issues with ALBO: Change BBVA Back Access to the Treasurer - Bleecker.
    > Review: Legals with BBVA to cancel the account.
  - [ ] DCF Assembly Minute ($?) - Becq, p1r0, Bleecker.
    - [x] Drafting
    - [x] Revision
    - [x] Signatures and Assembly
    - [x] Notarization
    - [ ] DCF Council Responsabilities and distribution - Bleecker - Approval
    - [x] Pago y Factura
  - [ ] Recurrent: 
    - [ ] Monthly Tasks Drafting/Reviewing. Bleecker, Yugen and p1r0
    - [x] Monthly Report January **Febrary Week 1** - Bleecker 
    - [ ] Upload Payments receipts/invoice nextcloud.**Priority**
    - [ ] Maintenance DCF pay and upload receipts/invoice nextcloud. **Priority**
    - [ ] Cleaning Worker Payment and upload receipt nextcloud. **Priority**
    - [x] 1 x ATM visits (2.5USD) - Bleecker
    - [x] 1 x Comunication Emails Universitys ($2.5). - Yugen
    - [x] Fill out and send the document "Convenio de prácticas" for the process of linking the social service with La Salle, Cancun ($3) - Yugen
    - [ ] Send Monthly Students log(Bitacora) to University. **Priority**
  - [ ] **PRIORITY TASK** DCF Year 2 Restructuration tasks
    - [x] Director Restructure task ($115) - Bleecker, p1r0 - Pendient of payment
    - [ ] **Priority** Update office/rent agreements 2023 (extend 2-3 moths) - p1r0 y bleecker
  - [ ] Phisical tasks and living expenses at the foundation proposal
  - [ ] **PRIORITY** YEAR 1 ACCOUNTING. - p1r0
    - [x] Schedule Appointment
    - [ ] Quote
    - [ ] Data access to the accountant
    - [ ] deliver reports and paperwork
    - [ ] Update SAT  
  - [ ] **PRIORITY** BITSO DONATION/ACCOUNT FOUNDATION.($?) - p1r0
  - [ ] **PRIORITY** BINANCE DONATION/ACCOUNT FOUNDATION.($?) - p1r0
   
### Maintenance:

- [ ] Emergency: Update all Social network access to marketing and Social Services, Conacyt and JCF access to Administration Databases. ($?) DL230305 - Bleecker and Yugen.
- [ ] Emergency: Hotfix code, change all nodes deca.green to deca.eco for the carbon credits backlog (deca search) DL230305 - p1r0
- [x] Setup SSHkey, Add Yugen to the DCF Github and Gitlab, and teach git basics(TortoiseGit.) for update Databases. ($24) - p1r0, yugen.
- [ ] Videos for OrbitDB (Notes-DECASearch.md HACKMD) lessons by Jose - Bleecker. (week 1)  -  24 USD
- [ ] Q&A OrbitDB and IPFS to Blecker - p1r0 & bleecker. (week 1)
- [ ] IPFS Cluster (test PoC) - p1r0 & bleecker
- [ ] Hardware and work tools for Social Sercices:
  - [ ] Debian Container with Users and Shared desktops **PRIORITY** - p1r0
  - [ ] 3 Monitors - Bleecker
  - [ ] 3 Raspberry - p1r0
  - [ ] 3 Fast R/W Memory sticks (64GB) - Bleecker
  - [ ] 3 English keyboards and Mouse - Bleecker
  - [x] 1 Lunch table ($?) - p1r0
- [ ] Mining Extra Hardware Requirements (For in office Labs):
  - [ ] Basic SD Cards
  - [ ] 5 volts micro usb power sources
  - [ ] HDMI Cables (at least 2)  
- [x] Recurrets: 
  - [x] 6 x Backups LXD ($15 USD/month) - Bleecker
- [ ] Link Github to Gitlab projects for the DCF
- [ ] Link GitHub/Gitlab all DCF/SS files from hackmd. **Priority**
- [x] [Assistance Sheet Template](https://hackmd.io/0HntZV7ySSeElUTf49IBbA?view) ($15USD) - p1r0

### Social Services Requirements:

- [ ] Community (Telegram, Twitter, Discord, Activities, Q&A, Free Courses, handle with Serrano) - (week 3) - p1r0, Saul Sister and Serrano.
- [ ] Nextcloud Questions (CV, English, percentage, Distance from their houses, Require Cover Letter, GitHub\/Gitlab\/Projects?) **Priority** P1r0 - & bleecker (week1) - 10 USD
- [x] Gustavo asistance and tasks log Hackmd ($4) - p1r0 & Yugen
- [ ] Setup [Social Services Directory](https://hackmd.io/iFoqmVpYTV-1Wn5Mfio_6A?view) ($?) - p1r0
- [ ] [Taller de Git & GitFlow](https://hackmd.io/DbzfZuFuSvauJT3-zhO5pg) ($?)  - p1r0
- [ ] [Taller de web3 static](https://hackmd.io/gbfcNdtPTNy4jz60-8Fqpw?view) ($?) - p1r0



###  DECA 2 update Diagrams at the NSI Presentation (Consider Conacyt Requirements).
  - [ ] Alternative System without Carbon Credits from the processes and references (DECA Technical DAO Verifiable)
  - [ ] Alternative System without Carbon Credits Backlog and references (DECA Technical DAO Verifiable)
  - [ ] Update MVP Information (Add Maxcoin UseCases and Sequence)
  - [ ] Update Profile Requirements (Mathematician and others... missing) 
  - [ ] Update Model ask work between NSI and DCF
  
### DCF MaxCoin Mining Decentralization and IPFS increase Nodes

- [x] Send Miners and systems to Crazy and Foundation. ($7) - p1r0, David S.
- [ ] Setup Systems and testing.
- [ ] Decentralize Mining.
- [ ] Setup wallets at pool for DCF.

###  IHS MVP Research and Proposal Development\/Brainstorm.
- [ ] Send Email, Read all the measurements standards and Call - p1r0 & blecker (week1)
- [ ] Fridays Research Template (Index and Process ideas)
- [ ] Data Normalize to OrbitDB as Document type.

### Conacyt (for filling requirements):
- [ ] Requirement Specific Checkbox (Markdown Template, Conacyt document) - Dekis week1 (ON HOLD) - 
- [ ] Get all the documents in the same directory - Dekis HOLD - 0.5 USD

> Note For Requirements: Get Project Manager Ing. Title, Jessica as Manager, Octavio Doctors.

### CLUNI Process

- [x] Update Constitutive Act. - Becq
- [ ] Verify if there is a timelimit to provide act with updates
- [ ] Review the information.

### DCF MONTHLY REPORT TEMPLATE :
- [ ] Template (markdown)
 * News and what is next.
 * DAO: 
   * Crypto Donations Recevied
   * Voted (Proposals, Projects, development, etc..)
   * Crypto Payments (Community, etc)
 * DCF Banking Data Income/Outcome (bancomer)
 * Set distribution media ( mail list / Social Networks / Webpage Section/ others)
